List of predefined functions:-

All trigonometric and inverse trigonometric functions deal with radians
Syntax: sin(number)
Returns sine of number

Syntax: cos(number)
Returns cosine of number.

Syntax: tan(number)
Returns tangent of number.

Syntax: sec(number)
Returns secant of number.

Syntax: csc(number)
Returns cosecant of number.

Syntax: cot(number)
Returns cotangent of number.

Syntax: asin(number)
Returns sine inverse of number, magnitude of number must be <= 1.

Syntax: acos(number)
Returns cosine inverse of number, magnitude of number must be <= 1.

Syntax: atan(number)
Returns tangent inverse of number.

Syntax: sinh(number)
Returns hyperbolic sine of number.

Syntax: cosh(number)
Returns hyperbolic cosine of number.

Syntax: tanh(number)
Returns hyperbolic tangent of number.

Syntax: sech(number)
Returns hyperbolic secant of number.

Syntax: csch(number)
Returns hyperbolic cosecant of number.

Syntax: coth(number)
Returns hyperbolic cotangent of number.

Syntax: asinh(number)
Returns inverse hyperbolic sine of number.

Syntax: acosh(number)
Returns inverse hyperbolic cosine of number, number must be >= 1.

Syntax: atanh(number)
Returns inverse hyperbolic tangent of number.

Syntax: atan2(ordinate, abscissa)
Returns inverse tangent of the ordinate/abscissa with appropriate quadrant.

Syntax: log1p(number)
Returns natural logarithm of (1 + number), number must be >= -1.

Syntax: expm1(number)
Returns (e^number) - 1

Syntax: eint(number)
Returns the exponential integal of number, number must be non-negative.

Synatx: li2(number)
Returns the dilogarithm of number

Syntax: gamma(number)
Returns the gamma function of number, number must be non-negative

Syntax: lngamma(number)
Returns the natural logarithm of number, if number is negative, it must lie as such: -2k < n < -2k+1, where k is any positive integer.

Syntax: digamma(number)
Returns the Digamma (or Psi) function of number, number must be non-negative.

Syntax: zeta(number)
Returns the zeta function of number.

Syntax: erf(number)
Returns the error function of number.

Syntax: erfc(number)
Returns the complementary error function of number.

Syntax: j0(number)
Returns the first Bessel function of order 0.

Syntax: j1(number)
Returns the first Bessel function of order 1.

Syntax: jn(number)
Returns the first Bessel function of order n.

Syntax: y0(number)
Returns the second Bessel function of order 0.

Syntax: y1(number)
Returns the second Bessel function of order 1.

Syntax: yn(number)
Returns the second Bessel function of order n.

Syntax: agm(number1, number2)
Returns the arithmetic-geometric mean of number1 and number2, both arguments must be non-negative.

Syntax: hypot(number1, number2)
Returns the hypotenuse of the right angled triangle with other 2 sides as the magnitudes of number1 and number2.

Syntax: ai(number)Returns the Airy function of number.